[clang][Sema] Fix type of an statement expression ending with an atomic type (#119711)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Bug Fixes to AST Handling
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Fixed type deduction of an statement expression (a GCC extension) ending with an atomic type. (#GH106576)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed type checking when a statement expression ends in an l-value of atomic type. (#GH106576)
```
